hi guys I'm forbidden from one remote
everything home theater and welcome back
to part two of our video on how to do
your own television installation what
we're going to cover in this video is
the various hand tools that you need
before you begin any television
installation how to find the studs and
also how to cut the holes before you can
out to everything in fish the wires in
place everybody lady all the tools
you're going to need for your
installation everybody should have these
at home the most common tools that
you're going to need or most important
tools you're going to be is a level a
drill if you haven't makes life so much
easier a multi-piece sockets stud finder
if you have one if you don't don't worry
about it i'm going to show you a little
trick on how to find those studs and get
everything put into place without any
difficulty veteran tape measure drywall
saw and you're pretty much good to go
everybody we're not ready to find our
stuff so if you have a stud finder haiti
let's grab it if not i'm going to show
you a little trick once i finish doing
this very fast way to help you find the
stuff is if you know where your outlets
are on either side of the outlet is
going to be a step so boom we already
have our first done before i put a mark
on the wall i'm just going to do another
pass to make sure again we're right
there let's find our second stud the
rule of thumb is all studs are 16 inches
apart so if you get a measuring tape
once you find the first one that's
another way to help you so if you don't
have a stud finder get a magnet you get
indictment off of sailing once you put
on your gonna hang the reefs off of main
thing is just get a magnet now what I
like to do so I don't mark up the
customers wall just take a piece of wax
paper or to bring these TV install pink
piece from the foil that's the tb's
wrapped in rap you're making it up in it
and then just scan across the studs
until you find that was pretty nice
though didn't expect that find the bolt
and we'll be ready to go